"If we handle right way, truly they become the supporter, supporter of our strength, and
supporter of our practice, meditation, and manual, manual, definitely become every other.
That means we should have the courage and confidence and joy and appreciation.
We have that strong as we keep this.
Then they become really manual, they become in a way support, because generally when we
go through, for example, in samsara level, we like to become champion, champion is not
just become champion laying out on the bed, sitting on the couch.
You are engaging in the world and going on the way over there to the gym, and you see
how much they are doing.
They are going to all the bands and acts and begin a time, but that really make them champion,
champion.
And then, for example, all our great masters and teachers, when you read these life stories,
they went many times difficultly troubles, so many times.
Mostly really those great teachers, great teachers, they are not just born with great
teachers, they are not just came as great teachers.
They came as regular beings, a lot of difficultly troubles, but their courage and commitment
and confidence cut so strongly, then they overcome that all those troubles become the
support to make them this great teacher.
And therefore, great master, Long Jin Ba said, in the teaching, said, "I become as what
he is, become what is because of the harsh that I want, too.
Therefore, I am thankful to the harsh.
And what I've become now, again, I went through so much obstacles, thankful to all those obstacles
that what they've made me now, what it is.
And because of all the samsara troubles, now I'm fully standing, stone in the Dharma.
Therefore, thank you all the samsara troubles."
That's what really is said.
"Sering in the tune of the Talanayana, Donganayana, Muhminan of the Kanthi," said, "I dedicate
all this made to all those obstacles so that we all get the same, this realization.
This is really what we stand with this.
Definitely it is."
Then this is more general way of talking.
And then in Vaidyanana teaching, the Skirble means in the Vistas, "Vistas, when you combine
to get that, then what is obstacle?
What is the trouble?
We should not become too sensitive.
Of course we should sensitive, but we should not stand with that sensitive and that bearish
in that.
All these difficult troubles, nature is what?
In the Vaidyanana teaching, it's emptiness.
It's really empty.
There is no substantial, solid existence, anything.
It is emptiness.
It is appearance and emptiness.
It is just that.
And we're not going to…
I'm not going to hold onto that.
And applying all the other troubles of the teachings, applying, then it really becomes
the manual, manual.
And manual, when you know this, what the Buddha used this example.
It's not just Ami used then.
The Buddha used the example, this manual, because manual, manual, manual, what it is?
But manual itself is very smelly, you know?
It's smelly, it's not very good.
But if we use that nicely, what it does?
Really.
And therefore, even though emotion is is, that what Buddha used in Samadhi Raj Sutras,
he said, this manual is helping to grow the sugarcane Buddha used, sugarcane.
Similarly, emotions, negative emotions will help to grow the bodhicata, bodhicata.
Therefore, it is good, so this is all how we take care, how we handle it.